SDK-725 / Issue 31: Added support for dynamic scenarios (#30)
getyoti/yoti-node-sdk: README.md

6) [Profile Retrieval](#profile-retrieval) -
How to retrieve a Yoti profile using the token

> 7) [Dynamic Policy Generation](#dynamic-policy-generation) -

Reviewer: I would title this something like `Programmatic QR code creation` as `policy` is not a concept that is exposed at an SDK level.

> How to retrieve a qrcode link for dynamic policies

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
How to retrieve a QR Code link for dynamic policies
```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
How to generate a QR code link by defining the requested attributes programmatically 
```

6) [Profile Retrieval](#profile-retrieval) -
How to retrieve a Yoti profile using the token

> 7) [Programmatic QR code creation](#dynamic-profile-attribute-requests) -

Reviewer 2: Link broken after name change: 
```suggestion
7) [Programmatic QR code creation](#programmatic-qr-code-creation) -
```

[Example reference](examples/profile/index.js)

> ## Dynamic Policy Generation

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Programmatic QR code creation
```

> Dynamic policy generation is a way of requesting non-static policies for your application

Reviewer 2: Full stops at the end of this sentence and the one below please 👍

This is useful when you want or need different permutations of attributes from Yoti

E.g:
 
* Request 1: full-name and date-of-birth
* Request 2: full-name and address

> This service will query Yoti Core (via Connect) for a QR Code/link associated with the requested policy.

Reviewer 2: It would be good if @KiranBali could review this text - AFAIK `Yoti Core` (and probably `Connect` too) are not terms which clients will be aware of. It might be better if we just state `will query Yoti for a QR Code`.

> This QR Code/link should then be embedded into your page using the Connect widget to begin a share with Yoti.

Reviewer 2: Same WRT Connect

[Example reference](examples/profile/index.js)

## Programmatic QR code creation

> Dynamic attribute list generation is a way of requesting non-static attribute lists for your application.

Author: Does this still make sense as below the term dynamic policy is now used?

Reviewer 3: I'll change this to:
> Dynamic Policy generation is a way of requesting non-static attribute lists for your application.

```javascript

const dynamicPolicy = new Yoti.DynamicPolicyBuilder()
  .withFullName()
  .build();

const dynamicScenario = new Yoti.DynamicScenarioBuilder()

>   .withCallbackEndpoint('/profile')

Reviewer 2: I know optional arguments aren't as clean in Node as other languages, but what do you think about making this parameter optional? And having the default if it's not set be `/profile`? I'm just thinking I can't envisage clients ever wanting to change that based on the current setup, so it's just adding an extra bit of config for them

Reviewer 3: I think this path/URL would vary quite often between applications and might be more risky to set a default. We'd also need to document that the default is `/profile` and changing the default in future would be a breaking change as clients would start to depend on it. (I think it's safer to require that clients specify the path for their application)

Reviewer 2: Ok sure, fair enough
